README.md, before:

![Use Extension](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap-75/refs/heads/main/assets/images/banner.png)

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://vsmarketplacebadges.dev/version-short/bastndev.lynx-keymap-75.jpg?style=for-the-badge&colorA=eff6fc&colorB=EEEEEE&color=000000&label=VERSION" alt="Version">&nbsp;
    <img src="https://vsmarketplacebadges.dev/rating-short/bastndev.lynx-keymap-75.jpg?style=for-the-badge&colorA=eff6fc&colorB=EEEEEE&color=000000&label=Rating" alt="Rating">&nbsp;
    <img src="https://vsmarketplacebadges.dev/downloads-short/bastndev.lynx-keymap-75.jpg?style=for-the-badge&colorA=eff6fc&colorB=2ca562&color=000000&label=Downloads" alt="Downloads">&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap-75"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bastndev/Lynx-Theme-Pro/refs/heads/main/assets/images/star.png" width="26.6px" alt="Github Star ⭐️"></a>
</p>

</br>

## New 🧪 (experimental) keymaps

| Command                                 | 🍎 macOS    | 🟦 Windows        | 🐧 Linux          |
| :-------------------------------------- | :---------- | :---------------- | :---------------- |
| 🧪 ask, agent, edit 🔁 `ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ`    | `⌥ + Z`     | `Alt + Z`         | `Alt + Z`         |
| 🧪 bottom color change 🟦 🟩 🔲         | `⌘ + ⌥ + P` | `Ctrl + Alt + P`  | `Ctrl + Alt + P`  |
| -                                       | -           | -                 | -                 |
| pick (AI) model `ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ`           | `⌥ + X`     | `Alt + X`         | `Alt + X`         |
| maximized & minimize (AI) `ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ` | `⇧ + Esc`   | `Shift + Esc`     | `Shift + Esc`     |
| select theme (VSCode & more)            | `⇧ + ⌥ + T` | `Shift + Alt + T` | `Shift + Alt + T` |

</br>

### Lynx Keymap 75% — Standard Keybindings

| Command                      | 🍎 macOS        | 🟦 Windows           | 🐧 Linux             |
| :--------------------------- | :-------------- | :------------------- | :------------------- |
| open explorer                | `⌘ +` 1         | `Ctrl +` 1           | `Ctrl +` 1           |
| open source control (scm)    | `⌘ +` 2         | `Ctrl +` 2           | `Ctrl +` 2           |
| open extensions              | `⌘ +` 3         | `Ctrl +` 3           | `Ctrl +` 3           |
| close & open sidebar         | `⌘ +` Tab       | `Ctrl +` Tab         | `Ctrl +` Tab         |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| new file                     | `⌥ +` C         | `Alt +` C            | `Alt +` C            |
| new folder                   | `⌥ +` V         | `Alt +` V            | `Alt +` V            |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| select all changes files     | `⌥ +` 1         | `Alt +` 1            | `Alt +` 1            |
| generate commit message (AI) | `⌥ +` 2         | `Alt +` 2            | `Alt +` 2            |
| unstage all changes files    | `⌥ +` 3         | `Alt +` 3            | `Alt +` 3            |
| git pull                     | `⌥ +` 4         | `Alt +` 4            | `Alt +` 4            |
| git commit                   | `⌥ +` Enter     | `Alt +` Enter        | `Alt +` Enter        |
| git push                     | `⌘ + ⌥ +` Enter | `Ctrl + Alt +` Enter | `Ctrl + Alt +` Enter |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| format document              | `⌥ +` F         | `Alt +` F            | `Alt +` F            |
| format selection             | `⌘ + ⌥ +` F     | `Ctrl + Alt +` F     | `Ctrl + Alt +` F     |
| organize imports             | `⌥ + Shift +` F | `Shift + Alt +` F    | `Shift + Alt +` F    |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| open & close debug console   | `⌥ +` Q         | `Alt +` Q            | `Alt +` Q            |
| open & close terminal        | `⌥ +` W         | `Alt +` W            | `Alt +` W            |
| open gitlens                 | `⌥ +` E         | `Alt +` E            | `Alt +` E            |
| close & open panel           | Page Down       | Page Down            | Page Down            |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| start debugging              | Insert          | Insert               | Insert               |
| restart debugging            | `⌘ +` Insert    | `Ctrl +` Insert      | `Ctrl +` Insert      |
| stop debugging               | End             | End                  | End                  |
| bottom color change          | `⌥ +` Insert    | `Alt +` Insert       | `Alt +` Insert       |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| view git changes             | `⌘ +` End       | `Ctrl +` End         | `Ctrl +` End         |
| show markdown preview        | Page Up         | Page Up              | Page Up              |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| open settings                | `⌘ +` J         | `Ctrl +` J           | `Ctrl +` J           |
| open settings (JSON)         | `⌥ +` J         | `Alt +` J            | `Alt +` J            |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| comment line                 | `⌘ +` /         | `Ctrl +` /           | `Ctrl +` /           |
| comment block                | `⌥ +` /         | `Alt +` /            | `Alt +` /            |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| zoom in ( 🛞 right )          | `⌥ + ⇧ +` +     | `Alt + ⇧ +` +        | `Alt + ⇧ +` +        |
| zoom out ( left 🛞 )          | `⌥ + ⇧ +` -     | `Alt + ⇧ +` -        | `Alt + ⇧ +` -        |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| copy lines up                | `⌥ + Shift +` ↑ | `Alt + Shift +` ↑    | `Alt + Shift +` ↑    |
| copy lines down              | `⌥ + Shift +` ↓ | `Alt + Shift +` ↓    | `Alt + Shift +` ↓    |
| insert cursor above          | `⌘ +` ↑         | `Ctrl +` ↑           | `Ctrl +` ↑           |
| insert cursor below          | `⌘ +` ↓         | `Ctrl +` ↓           | `Ctrl +` ↓           |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| toggle inline suggest        | `⌥ +` Esc       | `Alt +` Esc          | `Alt +` Esc          |
| Delete txt paragraph         | `⌘ +` Backspace | `ctrl +` Backspace   | `ctrl +` Backspace   |
| Finish project ❌            | `⌘ +` Delete    | `Ctrl +` Delete      | `Ctrl +` Delete      |

### ► (AI ✨) Commands Easy

| Command                               | 🍎 macOS  | 🟦 Windows   | 🐧 Linux     |
| :------------------------------------ | :-------- | :----------- | :----------- |
| (AI) chat interface (popup/modal)     | ⌘ + `     | Ctrl + `     | Ctrl + `     |
| (AI) chat (open/close) x2 click first | ⇧ + Tab   | Shift + Tab  | Shift + Tab  |
| create new (AI) session               | ⌥ + A     | Alt + A      | Alt + A      |
| show (AI) chat history                | ⌥ + S     | Alt + S      | Alt + S      |
| attach (AI) context                   | ⌥ + D     | Alt + D      | Alt + D      |
| deactivate & activate (AI)            | ⌥ + Esc   | Alt + Esc    | Alt + Esc    |
| -                                     | -         | -            | -            |
| accept (AI) generated code ✅         | ⌘ + Enter | Ctrl + Enter | Ctrl + Enter |
| reject (AI) generated code 🚫         | ⌥ + Enter | Alt + Enter  | Alt + Enter  |
| -                                     | -         | -            | -            |
| ask, agent, edit 🔁 ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ       | ⌥ + Z     | Alt + Z      | Alt + Z      |
| pick (AI) model ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ           | ⌥ + X     | Alt + X      | Alt + X      |
| maximized & minimize (AI) ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ | ⇧ + Esc   | Shift + Esc  | Shift + Esc  |

</br>

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Now **`Backquote` = ( ` )** supports all languages 🌎
>
> ```ts
> exports.BACKTICK_EQUIVALENTS = [
>   { Backquote: '`' }, // English, US
>   { Backquote: 'º' }, // Spanish (Spain)
>   { Backquote: "'" }, // French, German
>   { Backquote: '²' }, // French
>   { Backquote: '^' }, // German, Swiss
>   { Backquote: 'ё' }, // Russian
>   { Backquote: '~' }, // Portuguese, Italian
>   { Backquote: '半角/全角' }, // Japanese
>   { Backquote: '|' }, // Spanish (Latin America)
>   { Backquote: '¬' }, // UK, Latin America
>   { Backquote: '¨' }, // German, Swedish
>   { Backquote: '´' }, // Portuguese (Latin America)
>   { Backquote: '₺' }, // Turkish
>   { Backquote: '₤' }, // Italian
>   { Backquote: '' }, // And MORE...
> ];
> ```

## Installation

Launch _Quick Open_

- <img src="https://www.kernel.org/theme/images/logos/favicon.png" width=16 height=16/> Linux `Ctrl+P`
- <img src="https://developer.apple.com/favicon.ico" width=16 height=16/> macOS `⌘P`
- <img src="https://www.microsoft.com/favicon.ico" width=16 height=16/> Windows `Ctrl+P`

Paste the following command and press `Enter`:

```
ext install bastndev.lynx-keymap-75
```

## Contributors

If you want to contribute, check the guidelines: [[>\_ㅤ]](https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap-75/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) .

| [![bastndev](https://github.com/bastndev.png?size=100)](https://www.bastndev.com/) |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|                  **[Gohit Bastian](https://github.com/bastndev)**                  |

## About Me

- [🐦 X](https://twitter.com/bastndev) - For questions and discussions.
- 🔴 [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@bastndev?sub_confirmation=1) - Code, Software and development insights.
- 💼 [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bastndev) - Professional networking and career updates.

</br>

| Icon                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Name                                                   | Description                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap/refs/heads/main/assets/images/logo.png">](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bastndev.lynx-keymap)                                           | [Lynx Keymap](https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap) | An all‑in‑one toolkit for LynxJS mobile/web development—bundles keymap, snippets & AI tools like Cursor AI, Windsurf, Trae AI, Firebase Studio. |
| [<img src="https://bastndev.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/bastndev/lynx-theme/0.1.2/1744898058774/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default">](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bastndev.lynx-theme) | [Lynx Theme](https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Theme)   | A sleek, customizable VS Code theme with built‑in support for Cursor‑AI, Windsurf & Trae‑AI integrations.                                       |
| [<img src="https://bastndev.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/bastndev/f1/0.2.1/1752544035624/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default">](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bastndev.f1)                 | [F1](https://github.com/bastndev/F1)                   | A Formula 1 themed VS Code extension with racing-inspired snippets, shortcuts, and development tools for speed coding.                          |

**Ready! 🚀 Your keybindings are configured. If you find any bugs or have feedback, you can [open an issue](https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap-75/issues).**

Commit message:

🔧 [Refactor] update descriptions and names for extensions in README.md for improved clarity and consistency

README.md, after:

![Use Extension](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap-75/refs/heads/main/assets/images/banner.png)

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://vsmarketplacebadges.dev/version-short/bastndev.lynx-keymap-75.jpg?style=for-the-badge&colorA=eff6fc&colorB=EEEEEE&color=000000&label=VERSION" alt="Version">&nbsp;
    <img src="https://vsmarketplacebadges.dev/rating-short/bastndev.lynx-keymap-75.jpg?style=for-the-badge&colorA=eff6fc&colorB=EEEEEE&color=000000&label=Rating" alt="Rating">&nbsp;
    <img src="https://vsmarketplacebadges.dev/downloads-short/bastndev.lynx-keymap-75.jpg?style=for-the-badge&colorA=eff6fc&colorB=2ca562&color=000000&label=Downloads" alt="Downloads">&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap-75"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bastndev/Lynx-Theme-Pro/refs/heads/main/assets/images/star.png" width="26.6px" alt="Github Star ⭐️"></a>
</p>

</br>

## New 🧪 (experimental) keymaps

| Command                                 | 🍎 macOS    | 🟦 Windows        | 🐧 Linux          |
| :-------------------------------------- | :---------- | :---------------- | :---------------- |
| 🧪 ask, agent, edit 🔁 `ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ`    | `⌥ + Z`     | `Alt + Z`         | `Alt + Z`         |
| 🧪 bottom color change 🟦 🟩 🔲         | `⌘ + ⌥ + P` | `Ctrl + Alt + P`  | `Ctrl + Alt + P`  |
| -                                       | -           | -                 | -                 |
| pick (AI) model `ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ`           | `⌥ + X`     | `Alt + X`         | `Alt + X`         |
| maximized & minimize (AI) `ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ` | `⇧ + Esc`   | `Shift + Esc`     | `Shift + Esc`     |
| select theme (VSCode & more)            | `⇧ + ⌥ + T` | `Shift + Alt + T` | `Shift + Alt + T` |

</br>

### Lynx Keymap 75% — Standard Keybindings

| Command                      | 🍎 macOS        | 🟦 Windows           | 🐧 Linux             |
| :--------------------------- | :-------------- | :------------------- | :------------------- |
| open explorer                | `⌘ +` 1         | `Ctrl +` 1           | `Ctrl +` 1           |
| open source control (scm)    | `⌘ +` 2         | `Ctrl +` 2           | `Ctrl +` 2           |
| open extensions              | `⌘ +` 3         | `Ctrl +` 3           | `Ctrl +` 3           |
| close & open sidebar         | `⌘ +` Tab       | `Ctrl +` Tab         | `Ctrl +` Tab         |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| new file                     | `⌥ +` C         | `Alt +` C            | `Alt +` C            |
| new folder                   | `⌥ +` V         | `Alt +` V            | `Alt +` V            |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| select all changes files     | `⌥ +` 1         | `Alt +` 1            | `Alt +` 1            |
| generate commit message (AI) | `⌥ +` 2         | `Alt +` 2            | `Alt +` 2            |
| unstage all changes files    | `⌥ +` 3         | `Alt +` 3            | `Alt +` 3            |
| git pull                     | `⌥ +` 4         | `Alt +` 4            | `Alt +` 4            |
| git commit                   | `⌥ +` Enter     | `Alt +` Enter        | `Alt +` Enter        |
| git push                     | `⌘ + ⌥ +` Enter | `Ctrl + Alt +` Enter | `Ctrl + Alt +` Enter |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| format document              | `⌥ +` F         | `Alt +` F            | `Alt +` F            |
| format selection             | `⌘ + ⌥ +` F     | `Ctrl + Alt +` F     | `Ctrl + Alt +` F     |
| organize imports             | `⌥ + Shift +` F | `Shift + Alt +` F    | `Shift + Alt +` F    |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| open & close debug console   | `⌥ +` Q         | `Alt +` Q            | `Alt +` Q            |
| open & close terminal        | `⌥ +` W         | `Alt +` W            | `Alt +` W            |
| open gitlens                 | `⌥ +` E         | `Alt +` E            | `Alt +` E            |
| close & open panel           | Page Down       | Page Down            | Page Down            |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| start debugging              | Insert          | Insert               | Insert               |
| restart debugging            | `⌘ +` Insert    | `Ctrl +` Insert      | `Ctrl +` Insert      |
| stop debugging               | End             | End                  | End                  |
| bottom color change          | `⌥ +` Insert    | `Alt +` Insert       | `Alt +` Insert       |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| view git changes             | `⌘ +` End       | `Ctrl +` End         | `Ctrl +` End         |
| show markdown preview        | Page Up         | Page Up              | Page Up              |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| open settings                | `⌘ +` J         | `Ctrl +` J           | `Ctrl +` J           |
| open settings (JSON)         | `⌥ +` J         | `Alt +` J            | `Alt +` J            |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| comment line                 | `⌘ +` /         | `Ctrl +` /           | `Ctrl +` /           |
| comment block                | `⌥ +` /         | `Alt +` /            | `Alt +` /            |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| zoom in ( 🛞 right )          | `⌥ + ⇧ +` +     | `Alt + ⇧ +` +        | `Alt + ⇧ +` +        |
| zoom out ( left 🛞 )          | `⌥ + ⇧ +` -     | `Alt + ⇧ +` -        | `Alt + ⇧ +` -        |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| copy lines up                | `⌥ + Shift +` ↑ | `Alt + Shift +` ↑    | `Alt + Shift +` ↑    |
| copy lines down              | `⌥ + Shift +` ↓ | `Alt + Shift +` ↓    | `Alt + Shift +` ↓    |
| insert cursor above          | `⌘ +` ↑         | `Ctrl +` ↑           | `Ctrl +` ↑           |
| insert cursor below          | `⌘ +` ↓         | `Ctrl +` ↓           | `Ctrl +` ↓           |
| -                            | -               | -                    | -                    |
| toggle inline suggest        | `⌥ +` Esc       | `Alt +` Esc          | `Alt +` Esc          |
| Delete txt paragraph         | `⌘ +` Backspace | `ctrl +` Backspace   | `ctrl +` Backspace   |
| Finish project ❌            | `⌘ +` Delete    | `Ctrl +` Delete      | `Ctrl +` Delete      |

### ► (AI ✨) Commands Easy

| Command                               | 🍎 macOS  | 🟦 Windows   | 🐧 Linux     |
| :------------------------------------ | :-------- | :----------- | :----------- |
| (AI) chat interface (popup/modal)     | ⌘ + `     | Ctrl + `     | Ctrl + `     |
| (AI) chat (open/close) x2 click first | ⇧ + Tab   | Shift + Tab  | Shift + Tab  |
| create new (AI) session               | ⌥ + A     | Alt + A      | Alt + A      |
| show (AI) chat history                | ⌥ + S     | Alt + S      | Alt + S      |
| attach (AI) context                   | ⌥ + D     | Alt + D      | Alt + D      |
| deactivate & activate (AI)            | ⌥ + Esc   | Alt + Esc    | Alt + Esc    |
| -                                     | -         | -            | -            |
| accept (AI) generated code ✅         | ⌘ + Enter | Ctrl + Enter | Ctrl + Enter |
| reject (AI) generated code 🚫         | ⌥ + Enter | Alt + Enter  | Alt + Enter  |
| -                                     | -         | -            | -            |
| ask, agent, edit 🔁 ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ       | ⌥ + Z     | Alt + Z      | Alt + Z      |
| pick (AI) model ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ           | ⌥ + X     | Alt + X      | Alt + X      |
| maximized & minimize (AI) ᵒⁿˡʸ-ᵛˢᶜᵒᵈᵉ | ⇧ + Esc   | Shift + Esc  | Shift + Esc  |

</br>

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Now **`Backquote` = ( ` )** supports all languages 🌎
>
> ```ts
> exports.BACKTICK_EQUIVALENTS = [
>   { Backquote: '`' }, // English, US
>   { Backquote: 'º' }, // Spanish (Spain)
>   { Backquote: "'" }, // French, German
>   { Backquote: '²' }, // French
>   { Backquote: '^' }, // German, Swiss
>   { Backquote: 'ё' }, // Russian
>   { Backquote: '~' }, // Portuguese, Italian
>   { Backquote: '半角/全角' }, // Japanese
>   { Backquote: '|' }, // Spanish (Latin America)
>   { Backquote: '¬' }, // UK, Latin America
>   { Backquote: '¨' }, // German, Swedish
>   { Backquote: '´' }, // Portuguese (Latin America)
>   { Backquote: '₺' }, // Turkish
>   { Backquote: '₤' }, // Italian
>   { Backquote: '' }, // And MORE...
> ];
> ```

## Installation

Launch _Quick Open_

- <img src="https://www.kernel.org/theme/images/logos/favicon.png" width=16 height=16/> Linux `Ctrl+P`
- <img src="https://developer.apple.com/favicon.ico" width=16 height=16/> macOS `⌘P`
- <img src="https://www.microsoft.com/favicon.ico" width=16 height=16/> Windows `Ctrl+P`

Paste the following command and press `Enter`:

```
ext install bastndev.lynx-keymap-75
```

## Contributors

If you want to contribute, check the guidelines: [[>\_ㅤ]](https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap-75/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) .

| [![bastndev](https://github.com/bastndev.png?size=100)](https://www.bastndev.com/) |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|                  **[Gohit Bastian](https://github.com/bastndev)**                  |

## About Me

- [🐦 X](https://twitter.com/bastndev) - For questions and discussions.
- 🔴 [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@bastndev?sub_confirmation=1) - Code, Software and development insights.
- 💼 [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bastndev) - Professional networking and career updates.

</br>

| Icon                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Name                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap/refs/heads/main/assets/images/logo.png">](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bastndev.lynx-keymap)                                           | [Lynx Keymap Pro](https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap) | Standardizes keyboard shortcuts across all code editors, allowing you to use key combinations to access any functionality precisely and consistently. This improves development workflow by ensuring a unified and efficient experience, regardless of the editor used. |
| [<img src="https://bastndev.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/bastndev/f1/0.2.1/1752544035624/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default">](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bastndev.f1)                 | [F1- Quick Switch](https://github.com/bastndev/F1)         | is a quick control extension that allows you to enable and disable code editor features using the keyboard. It can also assign keys to disable the extensions you have installed.                                                                                       |
| [<img src="https://bastndev.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/bastndev/lynx-theme/0.1.2/1744898058774/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default">](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bastndev.lynx-theme) | [Lynx Theme Pro](https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Theme)   | It is a professional theming extension with five visual modes: Dark, Light, Night, Ghibli, and Coffee Mode—each optimized for different development contexts. It includes integrated icons that complement each theme, offering a more pleasant visual experience.      |

**Ready! 🚀 Your keybindings are configured. If you find any bugs or have feedback, you can [open an issue](https://github.com/bastndev/Lynx-Keymap-75/issues).**
